All right welcome back my students in this lecture here we're going to start working on The View pool
speech.
Right.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let's come back here.
Let's go to View.
Speech.
All right.
So let's see the field the feel that we are going to be working on is this other feel right here.
So let's find out right here somewhere.
All right we are echoing out the author right here.
All right.
So that is the TV there.
Beautiful.
All right.
So what we want to do is create some type of condition here.
They would detect if there is something here and if there is something then if for example an altar
from the common sexually would display it.
But if he's a user he will display the user.
All right.
So how do we do this.
First let's check here.
We're going to create a column later on this going to cold.
This is going to be called the pulse user.
All right.
So but a while now let's create a condition so if this set right post altar then we display the puzzle
to my
else and we need to make a condition here where the facts.
Because if I say else and the author is empty or something like that then we will probably get a a you
know the next condition over.
So if the said is if this is a set I mean if the PLOS author is set.
We'll play that puzzle right
and we can say if it's not empty.
So let's let's put another condition here or if it's not empty.
Right.
With this play.
So the next one would be probably else
and we'll need to play around with this condition a little bit but that's OK.
So we can say else if Actually
let's keep this whole thing right here.
Put it right here we go and we'll create another very well that would be the force user is there for
the user.
And then we'll just add it all right here.
Now how do we get.
How are we going to fool all these polls.
User Well we need to insert it right
was alter and this would be post user right here
safe.
Now let's go to your local admin right.
And let's go here and let's insert a pulse user.
Let's create a database for Ray.
And really this is my database for this project.
Let me double check on that real quick because I have so many projects that I lose control I may lose
control but lose track.
So you see a miss that's my database.
All right let's go to the polls section.
Let's insert a new rolling structure.
And right after post alter There we go.
He says after I here go this is going to be called polls underscore user is going to be a car of 255
at least and then safe.
All right so now we're done with that.
Let's take a call here make sure that you save everything.
Unless you see enter.
Let's just go ahead and log in I guess
pupils.
All right looks like he's working.
All right.
Now let's go ahead and insert a user.
End it all by the way let's check to see if that column of users is.
Yeah.
User ID remember I told you that we need to make sure that we have the correct columns.
Well I do.
User ID is user on the square ID and user name is username.
All right.
So making sure that we have the right information there because this we are using that right here on
that polls.
Right.
All right let's bring down this guy right here.
And let's check him out.
Let's add a polls and we need to do this with Ed at page 2.
Guys we need to do something else to that page.
Let's test user one and I'm going to sign it to Rico.
Pollstar is going to be publish some images and some jibberish tags and polish.
On the fine altar.
That's one line eight.
Let's check it out.
Did it look like an 8.
That's right.
Because this is her.
I don't remember this here.
Oh.
That's right.
It's not puls altar anymore is polls user.
All right that's all that underscored pose.
I remember that guy's answer.
And then you need to come down to users.
All right
pause users or user enter.
Make sure you save it.
All right.
That looks good to me right now.
Paul's user and make sure that you also update that right here and set up those alter force user.
And right here
safe.
All right simple stuff.
All right.
Fun going fast.
This is on for purpose because you should know how to do this already.
So again Tess.
Tess user one.
I'm going to sign it to Rico.
That's the first one in line.
They're polish which is an image.
And if we have any box.
Beautiful because that way we learn more right.
Enter Polish posts.
It looks like is doing good right.
Let's check it out.
All right.
So it looks like it's working.
Because you know we were able to publish something but then again we have an issue here because the
author is not coming through.
All right.
So I think I have I think I have an idea what that is.
We are getting the title publish and we are missing.
This is the image that date.
Let me double check this for a quick user.
All right.
So we're not explained the user right here.
Let's go ahead and try it and another one here yes user to sign it to Rick javascript post-Arab publish
javascript tags and beautiful.
All right.
So we're not actually displaying this right now so you can go ahead and try to fix on your own but I'm
going to fix that in the next lecture.
Just to let you try it.
All right.
And just to make this lecture a little short.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this.
And I'll see you in the next lecture hopefully you fix it before I do.
Take care